Let's start off with the earnings front
and the numbers that are coming in. uh
insurance play ICSF pro ICS Lombard what
do you have to say on the earnings PB
fintech will also be in focus because of
PB that's introducing so a lot of these
insurance payment spaces will be in
focus today
well so my our take on the insurance
life insurance and both general
insurance the general insurance non-life
insurance companies will strive much
better compared to life insurance like
ICC Lombard Saki where we have coverage
on life insurance. I have mentioned it
earlier that it is going to be a while
though there has been an improvement in
terms of uh insurance collected and new
insurance coming in as of the run rate
and that is purely because of the kind
of large sums that are getting assured.
Larger the sum assured larger the
outflow for the person who's taking the
insurance and better for the company
who's do giving out that insurance. H
and uh there has been a decent
improvement. Of course, there are some
changes also that has been taken by the
regulator uh which also has impact on
the performance of these companies but
remain positive on LIC uh SBI life, HDFC
life and IC credential life purely from
twoear plus kind of perspective.
Okay.
If you like the video do like, comment,
share and subscribe.